doc: release-notes: Add bluetooth release notes for upmerges (#4514)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

    * Fixed a discovery response formatting.
    * Updated a few API functions to accept a const pointer when appropriate.

* Bluetooth:

  * Bluetooth host:

>     * Fixed a crash when ATT timeout occured on a disconnected ATT channel.
>     * Removed definitions and functions that have been deprecated since the 2.3.0 release or older.
>     * Changed pairing procedure to fail pairing when both side have the same public key.
>     * Fixed an issue where GATT requests might deadlock RX thread.
>     * Fixed not able to clear the fixed passkey previously set.
>     * Fixed callbacks for "security changed" and "pairing failed" not always called.
>     * Changed pairing procedure to fail early if the remote device cannot acheive the required security level.
>     * Fixed incomplete bond overwrite during pairing procedure when peer is not using the IRK stored in the bond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Fixed a crash where an ATT timeout occurred on a disconnected ATT channel.
    * Removed definitions and functions that were deprecated since the v2.3.0 release.
    * Changed the pairing procedure to fail pairing when both sides have the same public key.
    * Fixed an issue where GATT requests might deadlock RX thread.
    * Fixed an issue where a fixed passkey that was previously set could not be cleared.
    * Fixed an issue where callbacks for "security changed" and "pairing failed" were not always called.
    * Changed the pairing procedure to fail early if the remote device cannot achieve the required security level.
    * Fixed an incomplete bond overwrite during the pairing procedure when the peer is not using the IRK stored in the bond.
```

    * Fixed an issue where GATT notifications and Writes Without Response might be sent out of order.

>     * Changed buffer ownership of :c:func:bt_l2cap_chan_send, the application has to release the buffer for all errors returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Changed buffer ownership of :c:func:`bt_l2cap_chan_send`.
      The application must now release the buffer for all returned errors.
```

    * Fixed a discovery response formatting.
    * Updated a few API functions to accept a const pointer when appropriate.

* Bluetooth:

  * Bluetooth Host:

    * Fixed a crash where an ATT timeout occurred on a disconnected ATT channel.
    * Removed definitions and functions that were deprecated since the v2.3.0 release.
    * Changed the pairing procedure to fail pairing when both sides have the same public key.
    * Fixed an issue where GATT requests might deadlock RX thread.
    * Fixed an issue where a fixed passkey that was previously set could not be cleared.
    * Fixed an issue where callbacks for "security changed" and "pairing failed" were not always called.
    * Changed the pairing procedure to fail early if the remote device cannot achieve the required security level.
    * Fixed an incomplete bond overwrite during the pairing procedure when the peer is not using the IRK stored in the bond.
    * Fixed an issue where GATT notifications and Writes Without Response might be sent out of order.
    * Changed buffer ownership of :c:func:`bt_l2cap_chan_send`.
      The application must now release the buffer for all returned errors.

  * Bluetooth Mesh:

>     * Fixed Friendship counter error handling.
>     * Added replay check on segmented transport messages.
>     * Added poll callback for Friend callback.
>     * Added BabbleSim test suite.
>     * Storing health server publish period divisor persistently.
>     * Added GATT Proxy callbacks.
>     * Added address matching for Config Client response messages.
>     * Added basic model behavior in Mesh sample.
>     * Added composition data traversal API.
>     * Added acknowledged model message API.
>     * Fixed the Config Server's LPN time reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Fixed error handling for the Friendship counter.
    * Added a replay check on segmented transport messages.
    * Added a poll callback for the Friend callback.
    * Added BabbleSim test suite.
    * Updated the publish period divisor of the health server to be stored persistently.
    * Added GATT Proxy callbacks.
    * Added address matching for Config Client response messages.
    * Added basic model behavior in the Mesh sample.
    * Added a composition data traversal API.
    * Added an acknowledged model message API.
    * Fixed the Config Server's LPN time reporting.
```

Reviewer: Did I resolve "health server publish period divisor" correctly? Five consecutive nouns is a bit much. 😉

Author: @trond-snekvik Does this look ok?

Reviewer 2: Yep, still makes sense 👍
